Readthedocs (#3)
dls-controls/template-ci-repo: README.rst

Template-CI-Repo
================

A repo with some default files for setting up a python repo with:

- continuous integration (travis, coveralls, landscape)
- documentation that is built using Sphinx and hosted on `readthedocs.org`_.

    |Build Status|  |Coverage Status|  |Code Health|

    `Continuous Integration: How To Guide`_

    `Building and Hosting Docs on readthedocs.org: How To Guide`_

.. |Build Status| image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/dls-controls/template-ci-repo.svg
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/dls-controls/template-ci-repo
.. |Coverage Status| image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/dls-controls/template-ci-repo/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/dls-controls/template-ci-repo?branch=master
.. |Code Health| image:: https://landscape.io/github/dls-controls/template-ci-repo/master/landscape.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://landscape.io/github/dls-controls/template-ci-repo/master
.. _`readthedocs.org`: https://readthedocs.org

> .. _`Continuous Integration: How To Guide`: http://confluence.diamond.ac.uk/display/~mef65357/How+to+set+up+a+Python+git+repository+with+automatic+CI+testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`Continuous Integration: How To Guide`: https://confluence.diamond.ac.uk/x/uQYlAw
```

> .. _`Building and Hosting Docs on readthedocs.org: How To Guide`: https://confluence.diamond.ac.uk/display/CNTRLS/Setting+up+docs+build+on+readthedocs.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`Building and Hosting Docs on readthedocs.org: How To Guide`: https://confluence.diamond.ac.uk/x/01NRBQ
```
